okay hey guys hi hey guys this is about
how to put somebody's hair in a
beautiful black bow doesn't have to be a
black bow it could be any type of bow
but I want to show you how to do it to
make it look perfect
okay now let's get started so what we do
is we take out her clip okay so what we
have to do now is brush out her hair
okay her hair is so beautiful I love it
okay so we have to brush her hair out
like it's normal
and down okay so if you come up here
it's normal and it's down okay good
so Ramone down alright so it doesn't
matter we're going to show you three
styles like you can put a bow in the
first one is get the base of somebody's
hair and if they don't have bangs don't
worry just get you know I do have things
like you do have bangs so but if you
don't it's okay just get a piece of hair
in the front and do that okay so once we
got this brush back up it's perfect and
then you kind of want to cuff it up a
little bit and then you want to put this
wonderful bow end and you want to just
clip it in right there nice and tight
and you want the bow facing out somebody
else not this knots about that way this
way okay so go up to the audience she
looks like oh it's not beautiful it's in
a bow see look how beautiful she looks
okay good now the second look I'm going
to do is well alright so we're brushing
her hair back to normal yeah that is I'm
gonna do something very nice okay so you
want to get somebody's hair alright yeah
and then you're gonna just get a piece
of the back of their hair like this call
this tie my hair
okay okay sideline of your hair and then
you're gonna get the sidelines of the
other thing of their hair okay try brush
it how about brushed it all day
well I brushed it this morning okay so
once again like back to work give the
sidelines of your hair okay good
and then we get the bow and leg clip it
in here okay so you don't want to clip
it in their hair just the place where
you want to where you got the hairline
now we turn around for everybody
zoom in on the bat say okay okay lookee
at that hair alright so our last final
piece we're gonna do today with a bow is
wow this is gonna be very cute I think I
mean this doesn't have to do anything
with hair you can leave it just the way
you want it okay so I'm gonna put your
head inside okay
and then it's so simple all you do is
you just stick the bow and wherever you
want your hair so say you want it there
put it in the hairline I mean I mean I
think it's cute if you felt like you
what happen have hair okay and then and
put it in there I mean that that is a
professional way of making the bow oh
geez she was going insane that's a
perfect way how you can do above all
right thanks for watching and that is
how you put in a bow in someone's hair
have a nice day